fix(docs): Add ESM requirements (#2984)
RobinTail/express-zod-api: CHANGELOG.md

- Supported Node.js versions: `^20.19.0 || ^22.12.0 || ^24.0.0`;
- The framework distribution is now ESM-only (finally);
  - All the Node.js versions listed above support `require(ESM)` syntax;

>   - If facing TypeScript error `TS1479`:
>     - switch your project to ESM by setting `"type": "module"` in `package.json`;
>     - or change file extension to `.mts`;
>     - or run your code using `tsx` or `vite-node` or similar tool;

Author: ```suggestion
  - If facing TypeScript error `TS1479`, ensure either:
    - using the [recommended tsconfig base for Node 20+](https://github.com/tsconfig/bases/blob/main/bases/node20.json);
    - or switching your project to ESM by setting `"type": "module"` in `package.json`;
```
